MC-2553 Documentation for Terminating CP Session from MC (#285)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/cp-subsystem/pages/dashboard.adoc

If everything goes well, a success message is displayed.

If an exception occurs, an error notification is displayed.
[[terminate]]
== Forcing a Session to Close

> If a session owner is not temporarily partitioned and crashed, its session could be closed manually to release its resources immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a session owner is not temporarily partitioned and crashed, an admin user can manually close the session to release its resources immediately.
```

> If a Hazelcast instance that owns a CP session is not temporarily partitioned and crashed, its session could be closed manually to release its resources immediately.

Reviewer 2: The owner of a CP session is a _caller_ (a Hazelcast member or client that interacts with the CP Subsystem through APIs - https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.3/cp-subsystem/cp-subsystem#glossary)
So, we should talk here about partitioning or crashing the _caller_

Author: There is no mention for _caller_ in MC docs. We need to describe the _caller_ for the user here. We can use `session owner` instead of _caller_ like this:
```suggestion
If a session owner is not temporarily partitioned and crashed, its session could be closed manually to release its resources immediately.
```

Reviewer 2: I am fine with this term.

> This action is available only to admin users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: To manually close the session, complete the following steps:

> . Go to *CP Subsystem* > *Dashboard*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *CP Subsystem* > *Dashboard*.
```

> . Find the CP session that you want to close from the CP Session Metrics Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the CP Session Metrics Table, find the CP session that you want to close.
```

> . Click `Terminate` button in the Actions column for the related session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the `Terminate` button in the Actions column for the related session.
```

> . Select the `Terminate` button in the Actions column for the related session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Terminate* button in the Actions column for the related session.
```

> If everything goes well, a success message is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the session is successfully closed, a confirmation message displays.
```

image:ROOT:CPTerminateSessionDialog.png[Promote Member to CP Confirmation]

> If an exception occurs, an error notification is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an exception occurs, an error displays.
```
